Edit User Guide (#157)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

**:information_source: Notes about the command format:**<br>

* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user.<br>
  e.g. in `createMember n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter which can be used as `add n/John Doe`.

* Items in square brackets are optional.<br>
  e.g `n/NAME [t/TAG]` can be used as `n/John Doe t/friend` or as `n/John Doe`.

* Items with `…`​ after them can be used multiple times including zero times.<br>
  e.g. `[t/TAG]…​` can be used as ` ` (i.e. 0 times), `t/friend`, `t/friend t/family` etc.

* Parameters can be in any given order.<br>
  e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.

* Extraneous parameters for commands that do not take in parameters (such as `help`, `list`, `exit` and `clear`) will be ignored.<br>
  e.g. if the command specifies `help 123`, it will be interpreted as `help`.

* If you are using a PDF version of this document, be careful when copying and pasting commands that span multiple lines as space characters surrounding line-breaks may be omitted when copied over to the application.
</div>

> ### Create a Member: `createMmember`

Reviewer: Slight typo here
```suggestion
### Create a Member: `createMember`
```

Author: Alright, will correct this!

> Creates a new member with accompanying personal details (name, phone number, email address, home address).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Creates a new member with accompanying personal details (name, gender, phone number, email address, home address).
```

Author: Agreed, will make the change.

> Format: `createMember n/MEMBER_NAME g/GENDER [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS]`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Format: `createMember n/MEMBER_NAME g/GENDER [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]...`
```
Should there be an additional tag parameter since createMember allows tagging?

Author: Yes, agreed. Will introduce the tag component.

Examples:
* `deleteMember 1 ` deletes the 1st member in the member list.
* `deleteMember 10 ` deletes the 10th member in the member list.

### List all Members and all Events : `list`

List all members and all events in the CCA in 2 separate columns.

Format: `list`

### View Members of Event : `viewEvent`

Lists all the members of a specified event index.

Format: `viewEvent EVENT_INDEX`
* Views the members of the event at the specified `EVENT_INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed event list.
* The index **must be a positive integer** that is within the range of the length of the event list.

Examples:
* `viewEvent 1` displays members of the 1st event in the event list.
* `viewEvent 10` displays members of the 10th event in the event list.

### View Events of Member : `viewMember`

Lists all the events of a specified member index.

Format: `viewMember MEMBER_INDEX`

* Views the events of the member at the specified `MEMBER_INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed member list.
* The index **must be a positive integer** that is within the range of the length of the member list.

Examples:

> * `viewMember 1` displays members of the 1st member in the member list.
> * `viewMember 10` displays members of the 10th member in the member list.

Reviewer: Should these be events instead?
```suggestion
* `viewMember 1` displays events of the 1st member in the member list.
* `viewMember 10` displays events of the 10th member in the member list.
```

Author: Alright, will correct this!

### Create an Event : `createEvent`

Creates a new event and adds it to the database.

> Format: `createEvent n/EVENT_NAME [l/LOCATION] [d/DATE]`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Format: `createEvent n/EVENT_NAME [l/LOCATION] [d/DATE] [t/TAG]...`
```
The same goes for createEvent as createEvent supports tagging as well.

Author: Agreed, will add in the tag component!

Examples:
* `createEvent n/Party l/Raffles Hall d/16-09-2023` creates an event `Party` in CCACommander.
* `createEvent n/Combined Hall Ensemble Concert d/16-02-2024` creates an event `Combined Hall Ensemble Concert` in CCACommander.

### Delete an Event: `deleteEvent`

Deletes the event at the specified index.

Format: `deleteEvent EVENT_INDEX`

* Deletes the event at the specified `EVENT_INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed event list.
* The index **must be a positive integer** that is within the range of the length of the event list.

Examples:
* `deleteEvent 1` deletes the 1st event in the event list.
* `deleteEvent 10` deletes the 10th event in the event list.

> ### Add Member to an Event: `enrol`

Reviewer: Do we want to change the heading of the enrol function to be something like Link a Member to an Event? No strong preference here

Reviewer 3: I feel that link and unlink might be clearer in communicating what exactly the command does to the user.

Author: Ok will introduce the change.

Adds a member to an event.

Format: `enrol m/MEMBER_INDEX e/EVENT_INDEX [h/NUMBER_OF_HOURS] [r/REMARK]`

> * Adds the member at the specified `MEMBER_INDEX` to the event at the specified `EVENT_INDEX` with `NUMBER_OF_HOURS` specifying the number of hours that the member contributed and `REMARKS` stating extra remarks about the member and event.

Reviewer 2: just a small typo REMARK instead of REMARKS. Either change here or change [r/REMARK] into [r/REMARKS] in the format

Author: Ok changed it to `REMARK`.

* The `MEMBER_INDEX`/`EVENT_INDEX` refers to the index number shown in the displayed member/event list.
* The `MEMBER_INDEX`/`EVENT_INDEX` **must be a positive integer** that is within the range of the length of the member/event list.

> * The `NUMBER_OF_HOURS` **must be a positive integer**.

Reviewer: Do we need to include the max integer before overflow here or is that too specific and considered under extreme user input?

Reviewer 2: I think should cause if we don't put it somewhere then it might be considered a bug. (this is replying to WR's comment)

Author: Ok, will state the max range of the integer to prevent potential overflow issue.

Examples:

> * `enrol m/1 e/5 h/3 r/did planning` adds the 1st member in the member list to the 5th event in the event list, where the member had 3 hours of contributions to that event and has a remark stating that he/she "did planning"".

Reviewer: Would 'they' fit better to include members of all genders?
```suggestion
* `enrol m/1 e/5 h/3 r/did planning` adds the 1st member in the member list to the 5th event in the event list, where the member had 3 hours of contributions to that event and has a remark stating that they "did planning"".
```

Author: I think that changing it just "member" will be the least troublesome way to resolve this.

* `enrol m/5 e/1` adds the 5th member in the member list to the 1st event in the event list.

### Delete Member from an Event: `unenrol`

Deletes a member from an event.

Format: `unenrol m/MEMBER_INDEX e/EVENT_INDEX`

> * Delete the member at the specified `MEMBER_INDEX` from the event at the specified `EVENT_INDEX`.

Reviewer 3: Would unlink be clearer here?

Reviewer 2: Agree, I think should use unlink instead of delete in the command description. (This is replying to Dylan's comment)

Author: Agreed, will introduce the change!

Action | Format, Examples
--------|------------------

> **Create a member** | `createMember n/MEMBER_NAME g/GENDER [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS]` <br> e.g. `createMember n/CHU WEI RONG g/Male p/98765432 e/chuweirongrocks@gmail.com a/19 Kent Ridge Crescent, Singapore 119278`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Create a member** | `createMember n/MEMBER_NAME g/GENDER [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]...` <br> e.g. `createMember n/CHU WEI RONG g/Male p/98765432 e/chuweirongrocks@gmail.com a/19 Kent Ridge Crescent, Singapore 119278 t/House Head`
```

Author: Alright, will make the change.

**Delete a member** | `deleteMember MEMBER_INDEX` <br> e.g.`deleteMember 1`
**List all members and all events** | `list`
**View members of event** | `viewEvent EVENT_INDEX` <br> e.g.`viewEvent 1`
**View events of member** | `viewMember MEMBER_INDEX` <br> e.g.`viewMember 1`

> **Create an event** | `createEvent n/EVENT_NAME [l/LOCATION] [d/DATE]` <br> e.g.`createEvent n/Party l/Raffles Hall d/16-09-2023`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Create an event** | `createEvent n/EVENT_NAME [l/LOCATION] [d/DATE] [t/TAG]...` <br> e.g.`createEvent n/Party l/Raffles Hall d/16-09-2023 t/Fun`
```

Author: Alright, will make the change.
